I have a lot of time to go.
Everyone, this is Albert Brooks.
I want to do a quick summary of the trading day of 2009, a clock Pacific time.
And we had on Friday, a small pullback, bold trend day that lasted all day.
And Friday was the last day of the week, last day of the month.
And on the monthly chart, March was the bicycle bar.
We've had lots of bullbars recently, closing in their highs on the monthly chart.
Chances are the month is going to go up.
At least a little bit.
We've been alternating since last year back here.
And August, it's been bullbear, bullbear, bullbear, then two bears here, two bulls here.
But every month has been alternating.
A good looking bicycle bar there here, here, here, here, here,
Chances are we're going to go above the high of the bars.
So it was likely that we would go above last month's high today or early this week.
And we went above it today.
I think we're going up to the August high.
I've been saying that for many months now.
I think this is a first leg down from a bi-tomax.
And I think we'll get a lower high in some kind of a double top.
Maybe with the August high.
And then a second leg down.
We had a gap up in April, 2021, above 4000 in acceleration of clearly an important price.
And then we've been oscillating around 4000 for 16 months.
So clearly an important price.
The all time high is important.
And two important prices often created a third price.
A measure moved down from the high to 4000.
Takes us down to around 30, 200, which is below the pre-pandemic high.
So I think at some point in the next few months we'll form a lower high.
And we'll get one more leg down, breaking below this low.
One of the chances that we just go straight up to a new high.
I don't know, maybe 40%.
That will just go straight up from the high.
And if we do get up to new high, we've had so many reversals here.
This is training major behavior.
I think there'll be sellers around that high, a little bit above a little bit below.
So if we do get to new high, I think we'll have a hard time going much above it.
I think we'll get a reversal back down at least to the middle of the developing training range.
On the open today, we had the bullbar closing here in size.
When you have a bi-climax day like Friday, there are a couple things that you should know.
First is there's a 50% chance that you're going to get some follow-through by on the open.
And bar one is consistent with that.
But there's a 75% chance that by the end of the second hour, the market will go sideways to down for at least a couple hours.
So that is what's likely.
So here we have a bullbar closing there is high, but we know what it will rally you get.
We'll last five or ten bars probably not much more than that.
So you have to be prepared to get out fairly quickly if it starts to reverse because we might get a leg all the way down here.
This was an area of agreement on Friday.
And if this was not going to far, this would be within reach.
The market bulls bought it in the moving average here and here and here and here and here.
And there might just above the moving average here.
Post below the day, but I think we're going to end up having at least a couple hours of sideways training at some point again starting before the end of the second hour.
If you buy above bar one, it's reasonable.
Stop below one, I would trade small and add on as it goes up. For example, you buy above two.
Now that's the surprisingly strong pair of bars early in the day. It's always in long.
It's thrown it up to buy the closed traders will buy the closed, they'll buy at the market in the buy a bucket.
We went a little bit above it and then we had a bear bar closing near it slow.
And if you're long for any reason buying one by above two and it goes below three, I would get out because then we have a buy climb axe from yesterday.
And a wedge one two three and a good sell signal bar and this could be a bull trap on the open in the chart of a trend down from the higher the day.
And so reasonable to exit below three.
And three is a disappointing bar.
So some of the bulls who bought the closed of two will try to get off break even if it gets back to the closed of two area.
And it did bar four.
Or when bar above the closed of two. So instead of bulls getting out bulls bought more.
And that's good. It increases the chances that we'll go higher. This might be a gap. It might lead to a measure move up.
So it's still by the closed traders are still buying at the market.
And then bar five it's a problem. It's a bear bar closing near its low and it's a good size bear bar.
It's reasonable to get out below five. You can always buy again if you get a bull bar and then it's a few bars.
So reasonable to get out of lungs.
It's five bars without a pullback. You can argue wedge.
But five bars without a pullback probably if this is a minor reversal and they'll probably will be buyers not too far below five.
So I would wait for a second cell signal and that goes short blue five.
Six for the bulls. It's a high one. It's a very strong bull trend. It's a small collectible trend.
But it's a bear bar and it's consecutive bear bars. So that is not a very good high one.
Bar three is not a very good high one. It was a size.
Clyde believes pause in the bull trend. But it's still a bicing. About three. They bought about three. They bought about six.
When you get bad bicing the bars in a bull trend, it reduces the chances that the bull trend will last all day.
It increases the chances that you'll get a reversal at least into a trading range.
And that's consistent with what we already know.
The day after a buy time x day has a 75% chance of having at least a couple hours of sideways to down trading.
So we're still in a small pullback full trend.
But not good viseignal bars that increases the chances that we'll get a reversal before too long.
As I said, maybe five bars ten bars, maybe a little bit more.
And now we have another high one. Eight is a pullback in a small pullback bull trend.
No sign of a top yet. But it's a bear bar.
So we have a bad bicing of our three, six and now eight.
It's still a small pullback bull trend. So the traders will buy for an increase in.
They'll either buy above a high one, a bad bicing of our or they'll buy in a new high.
So they'll buy for the stop and above that.
If they don't want to buy above a bear bar, here they'll buy with the stop and above that.
And so far, the bears are not making money.
Limit order bears. If they sold at the five high.
It had to fall 22 ticks for them to make money. And it did.
Each line is five points that fell a little bit more than five points.
So now limit order bears of starting to make money.
And that increases the chances that the market is transitioning from a strong bull trend into either a weaker bull trend or a training range.
And less likely into a bear trend.
Another bull bar closing near its high. So if traders get off for any reason, they buy again above eight.
Eleven. You can second bull bars all closing near their highs. So the first reversal down will probably be minor.
You would not short blow 12. But if the stop order bears start making money.
If the market falls far enough below the low, low bar for bears to make money.
A scalp. Then I would get off. So if it falls 22 ticks below 12.
Stop order bears could make 20 ticks five points. I would get off.
And it's a high one. But as I said, we're probably not going to go up much further.
So if you buy, I would be really, really quick to get out because as I said, we should be soon having a leg down or at least sideways last thing.
At least a couple hours. And this is a training over what bar 13. And I was like down bar.
But a small bull back bull trend and a. A tight bull channel. So I would not short blow 13.
But if I'm long, I would get out similarly getting out below five. You can always buy again if 14 or 15 is a bull bar.
Instead, 15 14 is a surprisingly big bear bar.
And it's a bear surprise and a buy climax. Different ways to look at this as a wish. One, two, three, four, one, two, three or one, two, and then three sub dividing into one, two, three.
In any case, we know we're going to have a couple hours of sideways to down trading 75% certain.
And this is a really good looking bear bar. So it's probably the start of a sideways to down move.
It could be simply sideways, but we'll probably get at least two legs down after a bear surprise and a buy climax.
So traders will sell the market, sell a lot of long sell into shorts or sell below 14.
13 14. We have consecutive bear bars, one being big and closing near as low. So it's sell the clothes.
It's still probably a minor reversal, but it's sell the clothes. I would not buy at this point.
Another bear bar, 15. Now we have three consecutive bear bars, one of them big and closing on as low.
We should get a couple of leg sideways to down. So better to be short or flat.
And if you're short, you can get out above 13. And now we have another bear bar, 16 closing near as low.
So right now, it's a sell the clothes market. We have a closed bullet moving average.
We've closed the gap between the six low and the free high.
So more and more goals are giving up. We have a small spike pullback channel.
We were closing below the bottom of the channel. So it's probably going lower.
So you sell the market or sell as sell the market as soon as 16 closes or you sell at the stop below 16.
17 is another very good bar for the bear. So same thing. So the closed sell the market sell for any reason.
Now, every day has a 90% chance of having at least one swing that goes 40% of an average day is range and it comes from a good signal bar.
On the way up, we have a good passing the bar here.
So this is going to be the start of a move up.
Well, this high is 76 ticks above that. And if the average day is range is 50 points 40% of that is 20 points, which is 80 ticks.
And it will have to go 82 ticks above one for the bulls to make 20 points profit.
And this is 76 ticks above. So the bulls are born above one.
So the reason that this would be a swing trade they gave up on 14. 14 is a really good bear bar and a good candidate for the sort of a swing down.
So it's reasonable to sell below 14 on a stop and try to get out 80 ticks below your entry price.
So you enter one tick below 14. You need 80 ticks to make your 20 points.
And if you're exiting with a limit order 80 ticks below your entry, it has to go one more tick. So you enter one tick below 14.
It has to fall 81 ticks more for you to exit with 20 points.
So it has to fall 82 ticks below 14. So a lot of bulls will place limit orders to get out.
A lot of bearish will place limit orders to get out at 82 ticks below it's quality.
And right now it's selling a close and looking good. It's still selling markets sell the close. If you traded small, you can add on here and on here and on here.
We make it some bounce around the earlier flow of the day.
The bulls are hoping that we get a double bottom in a rally, but this is so strong to major bearish surprise at this point.
A bearish surprise increases the chances that you get at least a small second leg sidewester down.
A major bear surprise increases the chances that the day will either be a training wage day or a bear friend day.
So this could be a spike and then we could bounce and get a channel down.
Or it could be a cell climb axe and we could rally back up to the high and then just go sideways all day.
A doggie bar in a cell climb axe. That is a neutral bar.
The bulls equal the bears pretty close to being equal. So it's probably getting close to the end of the selling.
And as I said, there'll be bulls buying back. There'll be bears buying back short.
82 ticks below 14. The bulls know that. So bulls will start scaling into longs betting that we'll get a bounce pretty soon.
Maybe a bounce to 50% of the way up.
Another cell to close bar. But a tail. And after that doggie bar. And we're getting pretty close to 82 ticks below 14.
So I think it's probably better not to sell the clothes.
Even though arguably you could sell the clothes. I would wait.
And then 20. I think we're 76 that ticks down from the high.
Just like this high was 76 ticks about that. This low is 76 below the selling more 14.
Probably sellers above 21. But we're right at a profit taking area. So I don't want to short. And I don't want to buy the first one.
Russel up. And then you get 22. It's a pretty good bull bar closing near its high.
A bull surprise. Probably will lead to at least a small second leg up.
And might go to 50% up, which is this pink line.
And it might test you at least to the moving average. And I'll probably get at least a couple legs. I wish to up.
So I'd wait to sell. And for the bull. They can argue it's a failed breakout below the load of the day.
So in computer soils feet as a lower and moved double bottom with one.
Others you'll see it as a higher and lower double bottom with 77.
If you buy, I would use a WI stop like 10.15 or 20 points down in scale and lower.
And most traders will mess that up. So most traders are better off not scaling in. So if you buy.
You put a stop load 21. And hope that it's the start of the swing.
It's probably the start of a training range. It could be a brief training range and we'll form a bear flag and then get down to 80 to 6 below 14.
Or it could go up 20 to 30 bars and then try to go down later in the day.
Okay. Now we have five bars, six bars up without a pull there.
So probably buyers below 26. But we're getting small bars. A lot of overlap between the bars.
This is probably not going to go very far up. It looks like limit water trading bears will sell above things. So bears will sell the 25 high and 5. higher or the start to sell 5. higher.
Because we're probably going up to yesterday's high. So probably better not to sell the 26 high. And you know at this point that we're probably going up here maybe 50% pull back.
So if you're looking to sell with limit orders, I would sell in this area, not right here. And bulls. It's six bars without a pull back. We should get a second leg up after 22 so they can buy 26.
Or they can wait for a good spot in 3 by. To me this looks like the early part of a tight training range.
We have outside up 28, but small bar of cyglies bars. It looks like more limit order trading sellers will sell above things that goes up and they'll buy below things as it goes down.
Okay, this is right around 9 o'clock, which is when I stopped the chat room. And I said that we should reach about 50% retracement that my leads to some profit taking.
Maybe we'll come down to the 28 low. Maybe we'll get down to 76 ticks below this. And it's possible that this is the start of another.
If you're going to go to the right now at this point, I think it's likely that we're going to go sideways soon. But sometimes when you have a cell climb, actually in the day, you reverse up in a small pull back, but we'll try and just keep going up.
Like this, sometimes here, we're not a little bit, you know, we had this big big cell climb next and we had a big bull bar closing in and it's high and we just drifted up. When you get that, usually it does not go far above the earlier high. Sometimes it goes above the high, sometimes it does not.
But sometimes when you have these big big cell climb access on the open and a reversal, they can just last all day in a small pull back bull trend. And that's what today did it went back all the way up to the high.
But at this point, it's a small pull back bull trend. It's by the market by the closed, but we're around 50% after a pretty dramatic move. So I think you'll start getting limit order bear selling. I would not sell with the stop and a small pull back bull trend.
I'd like to start with these on bear bars, we don't have yet. And I don't want to be buying here because this is strong enough to get a second leg sideways to down and now we're at a 50% retracement in rat yesterday's high. So there will be some sellers here.
I think we're going to have a third-ing range of high one above 36. I'm not going to buy it. Looks like a tight training range. And then you can fail break off below a double bottom, double bottom 3537.
I think you can buy it, but if you buy it, you need a wide stop because it may drift back down to the most recent higher low gear.
Well, we get all the way down here. I think it's less certain that we've rallied for about an hour in a very tight channel. So we may just stay sideways all day or we may get up here. So it's unclear.
If we get down here, there'll be buyers this may continue in a small pull back bull trend up here, but it's unlikely to go much above. And you can see that's what happened. 21 is a bad bison in the bar. So some bear are sold the 21 high.
And they waited for bear bars closing the other ones and then they sold more like maybe below a 39 and they know that's an 80% chance that they can avoid loss, but they'll be able to get out at least break even.
So ignore that, let me get hurt at that. The structure, get hurt at that. So for scaling bears if they sold the 21 high and then sold more 5.5 or 10.15 points higher or they simply waited for bear bar closing here. It's low and then sold below it. So you sell one take a low 39.
There's an 80% chance it's going to go to the midpoint of your two cells. First, I'll here at the 21 high and the second, I'll below 39.
80% chance that'll go to the midpoint and that would allow you to get out break even. So and it did and it got down there and reversed up strongly. And this is mostly bears trying to get out break even on their trade.
And bulls know bears would do that so you have bulls buying as well and you have bulls foking for a double bottom here. And then we just went up and a small collect bulls try actually went down a little bit more and then up.
And then back in like down tough to sell after that and then here you can or a lower load of a bottom you can call it a break up below this double bottom. Not really good buy but once you start to get bull bars closing in the house, maybe here or here.
It's a buy now when you start to get to a three bull bars it's a buy. Now when you start to get big bull bars closing in the other house breaking above a lower high it's a buy. So for the bears they have a minor lower high here they have a major lower high here.
If we get above that maybe we'll walk for a mission move based upon the trading range and get up through the high of the day.
And here we have consecutive bull bars with decent bodies with at least one of them closing their at high this is a break up above this so we're going up for measuring move probably.
It could be a measure move based upon height of this range or it could be a measure move based upon the entire leg up to the breakout point.
Which gets us near the high of the day and that's in fact where we ended up and one other point about where we ended up at the end of the day.
This high is this is a reasonable buy just like that was a reasonable buy we went 70 six ticks not 82.
This was a reasonable sell we fell 76 not 82 have a person bought here they were able to make four points I think it went up exactly 82 ticks right here.
It would be hard to hold one so if you bought that I think you can get up a little that or that but you could buy again over here or over here hoping that it goes up to 82 ticks above that which it did or you could buy above this bull bar closing in at high.
If you want higher probability you buy above this or you buy above that looking for some kind of a measure move up.
Okay and that is all hope everybody had a good day and I hope you found this helpful.